Expand description and results of the test pipeline. (#119)
opendatahub-io/ai-edge: pipelines/README.md

### Deploy and run the test pipeline

Update the `target-imagerepo` parameter value from its default `rhoai-edge` in
[`test-mlflow-image-pipelinerun-tensorflow-housing.yaml`](tekton/test-mlflow-image-pipeline/test-mlflow-image-pipelinerun-tensorflow-housing.yaml)
and/or
[`test-mlflow-image-pipelinerun-bike-rental.yaml`](tekton/test-mlflow-image-pipeline/test-mlflow-image-pipelinerun-bike-rental.yaml)
to match the name of your Quay namespace.

> Then create the pipeline(s) to test the container images behaviour with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then create the pipeline(s) to test the container images behaviour using
```

Author: Thanks, updated in 69c0aa71394c8642c8fb6a1ce0f278ae019605b7.

test data in [`tensorflow-housing-test-data-cm.yaml`](tekton/test-mlflow-image-pipeline/tensorflow-housing-test-data-cm.yaml)
and/or [`bike-rentals-test-data-cm.yaml`](tekton/test-mlflow-image-pipeline/bike-rentals-test-data-cm.yaml):

```bash
oc apply -k tekton/test-mlflow-image-pipeline/
oc create -f tekton/test-mlflow-image-pipeline/test-mlflow-image-pipelinerun-tensorflow-housing.yaml
# and/or
oc create -f tekton/test-mlflow-image-pipeline/test-mlflow-image-pipelinerun-bike-rental.yaml
```

> Check what pipeline was created and run and what applications started either in OpenShift Console in Pipelines > Pipelines, Topology > select the application and its Resources and Pod logs, or with CLI find the names of the objects with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check what pipeline was created and what applications were started either using:
* OpenShift Console in Pipelines > Pipelines, Topology > select the application and its Resources and Pod logs.

  OR

* CLI; find the names of the objects with:
```

Author: This seems to suggest one cannot use both methods.

Reviewer: I said OR not XOR 😄 but sure I updated it.
